CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
        S.T.F.U.B (Start To Finish Your Basement).

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
        It will help anyone who is wanting to finish their basement. It will prepare them for materials and rough cost. 
3. What will you learn from developing this program?
        Im not sure what I will learn until Im into it but I will be using everything I have learned this sememster and being able to add in my hobby.
4. What Python modules will your program use?
        I think a csv file to write to, math, datetime, functions, tkinter, it will also print out the info sheet, possible web scraper to get prices for materials from lowes.
    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

             I plan to separate functions like different math and writing to files 

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

             Yes I will write test programs 



Lesson 11 Rubric
Proposal—40%: Does your proposal adequately answer the questions in the template?

Time—50%: Did you spend at least three hours on your proposal and program during the current lesson?

Description—10%: Is the description of your work for this lesson complete and easily understandable? At the end of each lesson, 
    you will submit a description of your work. This description should follow normal English rules of spelling and grammar. It must include the following:

The amount of time that you spent working on your program during the current lesson.

        I have spent 4 hours working and researching my project. I have watched many YouTube videos on how to use GUI's. I have looked at many websites on how to build my project. 

A list of the documentation that you read, the videos that you watched, and the coding experiments that you tried.

        https://youtu.be/yQSEXcf6s2I?si=GinvqvMjdwkmVLLX
        https://docs.python.org/3/library/tkinter.html
        https://realpython.com/python-gui-tkinter/
        https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-gui-tkinter/



A description or list of the work that you finished on your program.

        I have started the program and havegot the math for the first part of a basement finished. WHen you need to know how much wood you will need for framing. I will write the txt file
        in order to draw prices for materials from, next.

